hello everyone today I will teach you to be
Exfoliator for sugar lips is
comparable to the one they sell between secret or
of borisov and they can do it from their
home
Exfoliate daily has benefits
like softer lips remove cells
dead comment clean deep
of impurities oxygenate the skin and
stimulate the creation of new cells
the ingredients that they will need
first of all it's Vaseline or also
known as pure petrolatum
we are also going to need brown sugar
organic almond oil and
finally to give it an extra touch
flavoring or vanilla extract this
they find it in the ingredients of
cook now for the tools let's go
to need something super simple a plate
a deep container a coffee spoon
or a small spoon and finally
they need a container this is one of
metal where you see big steam but you can
be plastic or glass whatever
that they have in their hands that are not
using
and we will also need alcohol between
70 degrees and 90 to disinfect and a couple
of cotton balls
Now, get down to work , first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to put my plate
or container my spoon and everything close to
where I'm going to be doing this and I'm going to
drink a little alcohol and I'm going to get wet
the cotton with this I'm going to use it
to disinfect the spoon girl or
coffee spoon this is because really
just wash it with soap does not guarantee
that there are no germs now I'm going to take
my brown sugar and we choose sugar
brunette by the size of the beads
because it 's enough to exfoliate and I'm going
to take a teaspoon that is not at
but have a little bit of this
of dome and I'll put it on my plate
Now I'm going to take my Vaseline or
pure petrolatum and I'm going to take half
tablespoon
this is going to be like the base of the
exfoliating and is what is going to do that
everything comes together sugar and others now
I'm going to take my almond oil
organic this super cheap can you
find in any pharmacy or place
supermarket store and I will use
10 droplets the almond oil makes
that is extra moisturizing and more creamy
so if you want it to be even more
liquid your pasta and more creamy can
add more if they want and finally and
this is totally optional it is only
which is a smell and a flavor that to me
like we are going to take a trickle of
vanilla extract or around 5
drops and this is going to give you a flavor and
Fabulous smell to our exfoliant
finally the only thing left to do
is
put our ingredients together and start
to mix it until it forms
pill that is a bit sticky and that
it is very compact
now we're not going to use everything from a
hit this can take us long enough
days then what I'm going to do is that
I'm going to take my container as I
I said before I had vick vaporub I'm going to
take a little more alcohol and I'll
disinfect to make sure I do not
there is no microbe and also for
make sure there's no waste
of what I had before my container
and finally I'm going to take my scrub and
I'll put it in the container
now remember this is an exfoliant
totally organic then you have to
clean the edges well and make sure
that there is no waste left so that
Bugs and ants will not attack our
exfoliant before we use it
and now we have our exfoliant and
now yes to take advantage of the scrub
take it with your fingers and start
massage your lips this is for
remove pellets or dead cells
that there are also residues of
makeup and so on
press the lips together and now with
a slightly damp towel removes the
exfoliant uses the balm that
you want this is just to make sure
that is well moisturized and now if
time to go crazy with the
lipsticks, nothing else is going to be
labials stay longer but that
the application is going to be very smooth and it's not going
to have any kind of inequality
on the skin you can use very colors
strong and do not worry because the color
come out or you can use lipsticks very
claritos and you can also grab
kisses to whoever you want because you're going to
have the softest lips of the world
best part is that you can take it
with you wherever
and well that 's all for me
I send many soft kisses I hope that I
have liked this video and until the
next